Currently the 'zoom' button in the image galleries is not working, need to fix this.


solve-field - potentially useful commandline options:
--depth      try just 10 or so objects first then if it fails re-queue later with a deeper depth.
--cpulimit
--guess-scale
-ra, --dec, --radius


Login usernames should not be case sensitive.


allow users to upload a text file containing md5 or sha hashes of filenames to be checked against uploaded files to
ensure they uploaded correctly.



Have a system where a user can "log in" as an avalaible observer when they actually have their scope set up and ready to
use and are out observing.  Then if something like an alert notice comes in, or other similar types of needed
observations, they can be offered out to "active" users at the current time and they can respond with a yes/no on whether
they will switch to that offered target.  This way we can get very reliable response on selected targets.



When users donate to the site have it so their donation covers themself and another user to encourage people to donate.
On the donation form there should be an option to either choose a specific username as the other user, an email address
of someone who doesn't use the site with to email a redeem code to, or a choice to let the other user be chosen by us
or the site itself.



For determining the usefulness of additional astrometric measurements taken now, a decent metric is the ratio of the CEU
to the tenYearPEU, i.e. the current positional uncertainty compared to its peak value over the next 10 years.  If the
CEU is high or higher than the tenYearPEU this means the uncertainty now is greater than it will be in the next 10
years, therefore now is a great time to image it.  A better one might be the tenYearPEUIfObserved to the current
tenYearPEU: note that this ratio assumes that two measurements are made near the time of the next PEU, not necessarily
if made now.  Also the astrometryNeededCode column in our dataset is probably a much more reliable figure, how to use it
beyond just displaying it to the user is not completely clear.

select
     "number", "name", "orbitCode", "criticalCode", "astrometryNeededCode", "observationArc", "numObservations", "ceu",
     "ceuRate", "ceuDate", "nextPEU", "nextPEUDate", "tenYearPEU", "tenYearPEUIfObserved", "tenYearPEUDateIfObserved",
     "tenYearPEU" / ("tenYearPEUIfObserved"+.000001) as "ratio", |/ ("tenYearPEU" / ("tenYearPEUIfObserved"+.000001)) as "sqrt"

     from cosmicapp_astorbrecord

     order by ratio desc

     limit 300000;



The DASCH project is a collection of the harvard photo plates from the last century which have been digitized an
processed photomotetrically.  We should look into possibly indexing or storing a copy of this archive.



Imagemagick seems to have trouble making thumbnails of fits images where most of the data are negative.  This is likely
a bug in their code, or some issue with how the program is being called from our code.  More investigation is needed.



There appears to be a bug in pyephem relating to the calculation of astroid magnitudes; some are calculated way too
bright compared to the values quoted by MPC.  Another user reported this bug and there is an open issue on github, the
problem seems to go away if no observer location is provided (i.e. a geocentric position rather than an earth surface
one).  We may want to consider switching to geocentric calculations in the mean time until this bug is fixed as the
magnitude is much more important than the very minor change in position due to geocentric calculations vs surface ones.



imhisto - iraf task that computes and prints a histogram of an image.  Should
          probably do this in 2 stages, first with bins across the whole range,
          then a second pass across the range that captures 95% of pixels.

          Astropy actually has an implementation of this so it probably makes
          more sense to use that.

inverse - iraf calculate an inverse fourier transform of an image

imcore  - standalone program for source extraction (automatically handles multi-extension fits files)
          http://casu.ast.cam.ac.uk/surveys-projects/software-release/imcore

fitsverify - a fits file utility to verify a fits file does not contain errors.

fpack / funpack - a fits compression utility that leaves the fits headers uncompressed but compresses the image data.
                  http://archive.noao.edu/tutorials/fpack




Here is a paper on source detection - not sure if there is a software package that implements it:
http://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1086/515393/


Here is a paper on source detection in multi-spectral imagery.  Probably good for dslr submitted rgb images.
        A multi-scale, multi-wavelength source extraction method: getsources
        https://arxiv.org/abs/1204.4508


Here is a paper on estimating the completeness of a sextractor results file by
varying the input parameters to sextractor and seeing how the detection rate
changes as a function of the input parameters:
        ComEst: a Completeness Estimator of Source Extraction on Astronomical Imaging
        https://arxiv.org/abs/1605.02650


Here is a paper on neural nets and more advanced methods of source detection:
Mining pixels: The Extraction and Classification of Astronomical Sources
http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.464.1598&rep=rep1&type=pdf



The DAMIT database contains asteroid shape models and lightcurve data from
lightcurve inversion.  This would be good to import to calculate scores for
target asteroids based on how well studied they already are, etc.  Also could
be used to show 3d models of asteroids on the site if we wanted to since the 3d
model files are also included in the database dump.
http://astro.troja.mff.cuni.cz/projects/asteroids3D/web.php?page=project_main_page



The Las Cumbres Observatory is a nonprofit group with a robotic telescope
network with global coverage.  We should look into collaboration with the,
either processing data produced by their scopes, and/or submitting observation
requests to them as we would with individual observers.
https://lco.global/

